alcohol while deployed. Well, we are drying Bruce Davies a wet day. They
have Wow our crew. Russians continue Rome rations continue like a
drink. But you cannot drink 12 hours Party taking watch. If you are
deployed 72 days out of court, then the beer ration is two beers per
day per sailor. Wanna sedate something? Few days That check raise
for the fleet that you're in to ensure according the right day. And
that it's two beers per day per person. And then when you pull in, the
clock starts over again. Certainly. You can drink when you're out.
Water country If you go over to Naples, you pulled it in you? Certainly.
10. Okay, but, uh, you can certainly try while roving in exploring
the world showing them